Use sbt-dynver (#526)
playframework/play-slick: RELEASING.md

* Log in vegemite.
* type `sudo su - play`, and enter your account's password.
* type `cd deploy`.

> * and finally type `./release --project play-slick --branch <branch-to-release> --tag <tag-namel>`, where <branch-to-release> is the name of the branch you want to release and <tag-namel> is the verion tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* and finally type `./release --project play-slick --branch <branch-to-release> --tag <tag-name>`, where <branch-to-release> is the name of the branch you want to release and <tag-name> is the version tag.
```
